capital = 74
oob = "BEJ"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = BEJ_ar
recruit_character = BEJ_acr
recruit_character = BEJ_mt
recruit_character = BEJ_stc
recruit_character = BEJ_aa2
recruit_character = BEJ_acgs
recruit_character = BEJ_ncm
recruit_character = BEJ_nccr
recruit_character = BEJ_coi
recruit_character = BEJ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BEJ_acd2
recruit_character = BEJ_acas
recruit_character = BEJ_communist_guy
recruit_character = BEJ_ncs
recruit_character = BEJ_awt
recruit_character = BEJ_pot
recruit_character = BEJ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BEJ_ai2
recruit_character = BEJ_nt
recruit_character = BEJ_aco2


set_convoys = 20

create_country_leader = {
	name = "蔡奇"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_Portrait_Asia_Generic_1
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
