capital = 357
oob = "GUD"

oob = "GUD"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = GUD_ar
recruit_character = GUD_acr
recruit_character = GUD_mt
recruit_character = GUD_stc
recruit_character = GUD_aa2
recruit_character = GUD_acgs
recruit_character = GUD_ncm
recruit_character = GUD_nccr
recruit_character = GUD_coi
recruit_character = GUD_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GUD_acd2
recruit_character = GUD_acas
recruit_character = GUD_communist_guy
recruit_character = GUD_ncs
recruit_character = GUD_awt
recruit_character = GUD_pot
recruit_character = GUD_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GUD_ai2
recruit_character = GUD_nt
recruit_character = GUD_aco2


set_convoys = 20

create_country_leader = {
	name = "李希"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_Portrait_Asia_Generic_1
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}