capital = 354
oob = "GUX"


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = GUX_ar
recruit_character = GUX_acr
recruit_character = GUX_mt
recruit_character = GUX_stc
recruit_character = GUX_aa2
recruit_character = GUX_acgs
recruit_character = GUX_ncm
recruit_character = GUX_nccr
recruit_character = GUX_coi
recruit_character = GUX_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GUX_acd2
recruit_character = GUX_acas
recruit_character = GUX_communist_guy
recruit_character = GUX_ncs
recruit_character = GUX_awt
recruit_character = GUX_pot
recruit_character = GUX_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GUX_ai2
recruit_character = GUX_nt
recruit_character = GUX_aco2


set_convoys = 20

create_country_leader = {
	name = "鹿心社"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_Portrait_Asia_Generic_1
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}