capital = 388
oob = "HAN"


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = HAN_ar
recruit_character = HAN_acr
recruit_character = HAN_mt
recruit_character = HAN_stc
recruit_character = HAN_aa2
recruit_character = HAN_acgs
recruit_character = HAN_ncm
recruit_character = HAN_nccr
recruit_character = HAN_coi
recruit_character = HAN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = HAN_acd2
recruit_character = HAN_acas
recruit_character = HAN_communist_guy
recruit_character = HAN_ncs
recruit_character = HAN_awt
recruit_character = HAN_pot
recruit_character = HAN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = HAN_ai2
recruit_character = HAN_nt
recruit_character = HAN_aco2


set_convoys = 20
