capital = 377
oob = "HOK"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = HOK_ar
recruit_character = HOK_acr
recruit_character = HOK_mt
recruit_character = HOK_stc
recruit_character = HOK_aa2
recruit_character = HOK_acgs
recruit_character = HOK_ncm
recruit_character = HOK_nccr
recruit_character = HOK_coi
recruit_character = HOK_democratic_guy
recruit_character = HOK_acd2
recruit_character = HOK_acas
recruit_character = HOK_communist_guy
recruit_character = HOK_ncs
recruit_character = HOK_awt
recruit_character = HOK_pot
recruit_character = HOK_fascist_guy
recruit_character = HOK_ai2
recruit_character = HOK_nt
recruit_character = HOK_aco2


set_convoys = 20
