capital = 36
oob = "JIL"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = JIL_ar
recruit_character = JIL_acr
recruit_character = JIL_mt
recruit_character = JIL_stc
recruit_character = JIL_aa2
recruit_character = JIL_acgs
recruit_character = JIL_ncm
recruit_character = JIL_nccr
recruit_character = JIL_coi
recruit_character = JIL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = JIL_acd2
recruit_character = JIL_acas
recruit_character = JIL_communist_guy
recruit_character = JIL_ncs
recruit_character = JIL_awt
recruit_character = JIL_pot
recruit_character = JIL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = JIL_ai2
recruit_character = JIL_nt
recruit_character = JIL_aco2


set_convoys = 20
