capital = 214

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = JIS_ar
recruit_character = JIS_acr
recruit_character = JIS_mt
recruit_character = JIS_stc
recruit_character = JIS_aa2
recruit_character = JIS_acgs
recruit_character = JIS_ncm
recruit_character = JIS_nccr
recruit_character = JIS_coi
recruit_character = JIS_democratic_guy
recruit_character = JIS_acd2
recruit_character = JIS_acas
recruit_character = JIS_communist_guy
recruit_character = JIS_ncs
recruit_character = JIS_awt
recruit_character = JIS_pot
recruit_character = JIS_fascist_guy
recruit_character = JIS_ai2
recruit_character = JIS_nt
recruit_character = JIS_aco2


set_convoys = 20
