capital = 50
oob = "LIN"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = LIN_ar
recruit_character = LIN_acr
recruit_character = LIN_mt
recruit_character = LIN_stc
recruit_character = LIN_aa2
recruit_character = LIN_acgs
recruit_character = LIN_ncm
recruit_character = LIN_nccr
recruit_character = LIN_coi
recruit_character = LIN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = LIN_acd2
recruit_character = LIN_acas
recruit_character = LIN_communist_guy
recruit_character = LIN_ncs
recruit_character = LIN_awt
recruit_character = LIN_pot
recruit_character = LIN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = LIN_ai2
recruit_character = LIN_nt
recruit_character = LIN_aco2


set_convoys = 20

create_country_leader = {
	name = "陈求发"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_Portrait_Asia_Generic_1
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}