capital = 71

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = NMG_ar
recruit_character = NMG_acr
recruit_character = NMG_mt
recruit_character = NMG_stc
recruit_character = NMG_aa2
recruit_character = NMG_acgs
recruit_character = NMG_ncm
recruit_character = NMG_nccr
recruit_character = NMG_coi
recruit_character = NMG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = NMG_acd2
recruit_character = NMG_acas
recruit_character = NMG_communist_guy
recruit_character = NMG_ncs
recruit_character = NMG_awt
recruit_character = NMG_pot
recruit_character = NMG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NMG_ai2
recruit_character = NMG_nt
recruit_character = NMG_aco2


set_convoys = 20
