capital = 228
oob = "SHH"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = SHH_ar
recruit_character = SHH_acr
recruit_character = SHH_mt
recruit_character = SHH_stc
recruit_character = SHH_aa2
recruit_character = SHH_acgs
recruit_character = SHH_ncm
recruit_character = SHH_nccr
recruit_character = SHH_coi
recruit_character = SHH_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SHH_acd2
recruit_character = SHH_acas
recruit_character = SHH_communist_guy
recruit_character = SHH_ncs
recruit_character = SHH_awt
recruit_character = SHH_pot
recruit_character = SHH_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SHH_ai2
recruit_character = SHH_nt
recruit_character = SHH_aco2


set_convoys = 20

create_country_leader = {
	name = "李强"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_Portrait_Asia_Generic_1
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}