capital = 45

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism 
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = XIJ_ar
recruit_character = XIJ_acr
recruit_character = XIJ_mt
recruit_character = XIJ_stc
recruit_character = XIJ_aa2
recruit_character = XIJ_acgs
recruit_character = XIJ_ncm
recruit_character = XIJ_nccr
recruit_character = XIJ_coi
recruit_character = XIJ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = XIJ_acd2
recruit_character = XIJ_acas
recruit_character = XIJ_communist_guy
recruit_character = XIJ_ncs
recruit_character = XIJ_awt
recruit_character = XIJ_pot
recruit_character = XIJ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = XIJ_ai2
recruit_character = XIJ_nt
recruit_character = XIJ_aco2


set_convoys = 20
